	@document.meta
 title: jq
 description: 
 authors: bill
 categories:  101
 created: 2023-10-18T12:02:08-0600
 updated: 2023-10-20T10:52:33-0600
 version: 1.1.1
	@end
___
* jq 1o1 
>	*Note to jq*
	- keep an eye on ah. mentions he's working hard and needs to pull back
	-- do you see this in his work?

**  Wednesday, Oct 18 2023 
		S.M.A.R.T. goals (Specific, Measurable, Achievable, Relevant, and Time-bound) are essential for setting clear expectations and tracking progress in any team, including a platform engineering team. Here are some S.M.A.R.T. goal examples for a platform engineering team working on Gen3:

		Increase Gen3 Platform Uptime:

		/_Specific_/: Achieve 99.9% uptime for the Gen3 platform.
			Measurable: Track platform uptime using monitoring tools.
			Achievable: Implement redundancy and failover mechanisms.
			Relevant: Ensure the platform is highly available for users.
			Time-bound: Achieve this goal within the next 12 months.
			Enhance Gen3 Security:
			
			*This matches the following GPE OKR*
		*** GPE SRE/DevOps - Engineering efforts that make Gen3 better
				- /a. SRE - The platform shall be predictable and observable/

		/_Specific:_/ Implement a comprehensive security audit and address identified vulnerabilities.
			Measurable: Measure the reduction in identified security vulnerabilities.
			Achievable: Allocate resources for security improvements.
			Relevant: Ensure the platform is secure to protect user data.
			Time-bound: Complete the security audit and fixes within the next 6 months.
			Optimize Gen3 Platform Performance:
			
			*This matches the following GPE OKR;*
			*** GPE Security Security - The Platform shall be a safe and secure hosting system
			 	- /a. The platform shall meet all compliance requirement/

		/_Specific:_/ Improve platform response times by 20%.
			Measurable: Monitor and track response times before and after optimizations.
			Achievable: Identify and address performance bottlenecks.
			Relevant: Enhance user experience and efficiency.
			Time-bound: Achieve this improvement within the next 9 months.
			Expand Gen3 Platform Scalability:

			*This matches the following GPE OKR;* 
			*** GPE SRE/DevOps - Engineering efforts that make Gen3 better
			 	 - /a. SRE - The Platform shall be predictable and observable
	
  	/_Specific:_ Ensure the platform can handle a 50% increase in concurrent users.
			Measurable: Measure the capacity of the platform under load.
			Achievable: Implement auto-scaling and load balancing.
			Relevant: Support growing user demands.
			Time-bound: Complete scalability improvements within the next 10 months.
			Improve Gen3 Documentation:

			*This matches the following GPE OKR;* 
			*** GPE SRE/DevOps - Engineering efforts that make Gen3 better
			 	 - /a. SRE - The Platform shall be predictable and observable/

		/_Specific:_/ Create detailed documentation for Gen3 platform setup and maintenance.
			Measurable: Measure the completeness and accuracy of documentation.
			Achievable: Assign team members to document various aspects.
			Relevant: Facilitate easier onboarding and troubleshooting.
			Time-bound: Have comprehensive documentation available within 4 months.
			Enhance Gen3 Platform Monitoring and Alerting:

			*This matches the following GPE OKR;*
			*** GPE SRE/DevOps - Engineering efforts that make Gen3 better
				 - /c. The Platform shall be documented and understood/

		/_Specific:_/ Implement proactive monitoring and alerting for critical platform components.
			Measurable: Measure the reduction in downtime due to proactive alerts.
			Achievable: Invest in monitoring tools and set up alerting thresholds.
			Relevant: Ensure prompt issue detection and resolution.
			Time-bound: Establish a robust monitoring and alerting system within the next 6 months.
			Collaborate with Gen3 User Community:

			*This matches the following GPE OKR;* 
			*** GPE SRE/DevOps - Engineering efforts that make Gen3 better
			 	 - /a. SRE - The Platform shall be predictable and observable/

		/_Specific_/: Engage with Gen3 users to gather feedback and prioritize feature requests.
			Measurable: Track the number of user interactions and implemented features.
			Achievable: Set up user feedback channels and prioritize requests.
			Relevant: Align platform development with user needs.
			Time-bound: Establish regular user feedback sessions and implement requested features within 12 months.
			Remember to adapt these goals to your specific Gen3 platform and team's capabilities, needs, and timeline. Regularly review and adjust them as necessary to ensure continued progress.

			*This matches the following GPE OKR;* 
			*** GPE SRE/DevOps - Engineering efforts that make Gen3 better
			 	 - /a. SRE - The Platform shall be predictable and observable/
				
___
**  Wednesday, Oct 11 2023 
	 - docusourace for helm 
	 	- this will be the beginning of a internal developer portal

