@document.meta
title: 16
description: 
authors: bill
categories: Journal
created: 2023-10-17T10:29:19-0600
updated: 2023-10-20T10:27:23-0600
version: 1.1.1
@end
___
* Journal - Monday, Oct 16 2023 

** [GPE Sync with Ed and Jawad]{:$work/gpe-sync:} 
	 -  (=) jira nvim fixup;

	 If you want to add a pipe at the beginning and end of each line, and also before each tab character, you can use the following command:
	 ```
	 %s/^\(.*\)$/\| \1 \|/g | %s/\t/ \|/g
	 ```
	 This command consists of two parts:
	 1. `s/^\(.*\)$/\| \1 \|/g` - This part adds a pipe at the beginning and end of each line. The `^` and `$` are start and end of line anchors, and `\(.*\)` matches the entire line.
	 2. `s/\t/ \|/g` - This part adds a pipe before each tab character. The `\t` is a special character that matches a tab.
	 You can run these commands one after the other in Neovim:
	 1. Open the file in Neovim by typing `nvim filename` in the terminal.
	 2. Move the cursor to the start of the file by pressing `gg`.
	 3. Press `:` to enter command mode.
	 4. Type the first command and press Enter:
	 ```
	 %s/^\(.*\)$/\| \1 \|/g
	 ```
	 5. Press `:` again to enter command mode.
	 6. Type the second command and press Enter:
	 ```
	 %s/\t/ \|/g
	 ```
	 7. Press `:wq` to save the changes and quit Neovim.
	 This will add a pipe at the beginning and end of each line, and before each tab character.
** [Sync with Bilal]{:$work/sync/bb:}	
	 - not certain why, but bb didn't mention the nci hack and assuring we are doing what we can to secure our platform
** [Sync with Clint]{:$work/sync/clint:}
	 - Clint wanted to vent a little, basically his team sucks 
		had no chance to work on the reporting script or jira stuff
